Define standard of our EasyGraphql (#52)
easysoftware/developer-portal-devs: docs/Backend_tutorials/features/graphql.md

5. Do not forget to check permissions for visibility.
6. Prefer use `arguments` method for accessing arguments.

#### Example

```ruby title="example usage of resolver" lineNumbers
module EasyGraphql
  module Resolvers
    class IssueDetail < Resolvers::Base
      description "Return Issue object based on given ID."

      type Types::Issue, null: false

      argument :id, ID, required: true

      def resolve(**_args)
        { issue: }
      end

      private
      
      def issue
        @issue ||= ::Issue.preload(journals: :details).visible.find(arguments[:id])
      end

    end
  end
end
```

## Mutations
https://graphql-ruby.org/mutations/mutation_classes.html

Mutations are used for defining how to change the data. We are using `argument` method for defining arguments of the type. We are using `resolve` method for defining how to change the data. We are using `field` method for defining fields of the type (return data of mutation).

We are using `Mutations::Base` for all our mutations. This class is defined in `app/api/easy_graphql/mutations/base.rb`.

> Place mutations into `app/api/easy_graphql/mutations` directory. Name convention of mutation should describe "what mutation does" OR if its change entity, just use entity name **with action suffix**. For example `IssueCreate` or `IssueUpdate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place mutations into `app/api/easy_graphql/mutations/plural_model_name/action` directory. Name convention of mutation should describe "what mutation does". For example `app/api/easy_graphql/mutations/issues/create`
```
Same as services.

Reviewer: EXAMPLE 

```ruby
module EasyGraphql
  module Mutations
    module EasyIssueTemplates
      class Create < Base
        description "Create EasyIssueTemplate"

        argument :attributes, Types::Inputs::EasyIssueTemplateAttributes, required: true

        field :easy_issue_template, Types::EasyIssueTemplate, null: true
        field :errors, [Types::Error], null: true

        def resolve(**_args)
          if easy_issue_template.save
            { easy_issue_template:, errors: [] }
          else
            errors.add_entity_errors(easy_issue_template)
            { errors: }
          end
        end

        private

        def easy_issue_template
          @easy_issue_template ||= ::EasyIssueTemplate.new(arguments[:attributes].to_h)
        end

      end
    end
  end
end
```

Author: Nope, we don't want use namespaces. It's seems not good practice. It's too complicated to read. Plus use `prefix` is consistent with FE usage.

def add_error(attribute:, messages:)
  errors << { attribute:, messages: }
end

# Add errors from an entity to the errors array.
# @param entity [ActiveRecord::Base] entity to add errors from
def add_entity_errors(entity)
  entity_errors = EasyExtensions::ParseActiveRecordErrors.call(entity)
  errors.concat(entity_errors)
end
```

So when you are updating standard ActiveRecord object in mutation, use 
```ruby title="Example of resolve method with validation"
entity.init_journal(User.current, "My changes")
errors.add_entity_errors(entity) unless entity.save

{ entity:, errors: errors }
```

### Best-practice

1. **Use `resolve` method for changing data.**
2. **Use `field` errors aside your returns.**
3. **Always return `errors` field.** If there is no error, return empty array.
4. **Use `argument` method for defining fields of the type.** Do not forget specify `required` option for argument.
5. If you find specify entity, use `find` method for fetching entity. It raise `ActiveRecord::RecordNotFound` if entity not found = This is correct.
6. Do not forget `init_journal` if entity is journalized.
7. Use `safe_attributes` for assign attributes to entity.

> 8. If you create new entity and its not valid, return `errors` and `nil` for entity.

Reviewer: What enums. Now we have two definition and usage.
1) modul definition sigle VS plural (status/statuses) ? I prefer plural.
2) Some graphql type return as value Enum type but other return only string and Enum type use only for agruments.
easy_engines/easy_ai/app/api/easy_graphql/types/easy_ai/feedback.rb VS   plugins/easyproject/easy_plugins/easy_scrum_boards/api/easy_graphql/types/easy_agile_sprint.rb  (status is enum)

Author: Thanks for feedback. Based on internal discussion:

1. We want follow ruby-graphql best-practice based on their docs => So use `singular` form of enums field (because mentioned enum represent specify field - "status" for example)
2. definitely agreee - use enums in fields and arguments too.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Every new type should inherit from `Base` !

### ID vs. Int vs. Integer
https://graphql-ruby.org/type_definitions/scalars.html

We are using `ID` for all our primary keys and relations. We are using `Integer` for all our integer values.

Do not use `Int` type, we are prefer `Integer` type instead for "integer" values.

### Enums
https://graphql-ruby.org/type_definitions/enums.html

Enums are used for defining a type with a limited set of possible values. We are using `enum` method for defining enums. We are using `Types::BaseEnum` for all our enums. This class is defined in `app/api/easy_graphql/types/base_enum.rb`.

Enum represent one field => so use singular name for enum. For example `IssueStatus` or `IssueCategory`.

### Inputs (arguments)
https://graphql-ruby.org/type_definitions/input_objects.html

Inputs are subset of types. They are used for defining arguments of the type. We are using `argument` method for defining arguments of the type. In Easy we are using `Types::BaseInput` for all our inputs. This class is defined in `app/api/easy_graphql/types/base_input.rb`. Input represents a hash of *entity* attributes, primarily for `Mutations`.

> Please inputs into `app/api/easy_graphql/types/inputs` directory. Name convention of input is `model_name_attributes.rb`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Place inputs into `app/api/easy_graphql/types/inputs` directory. Name convention of input is `model_name_attributes.rb`.
```
